[Music]
good evening it is eight o'clock
and this is for britain's nhs workers
carers
and everyone helping to fight this
tyronavirus pandemic
[Music]
[Applause]
do you know i'd forgotten about that
isn't that
crazy that so much has happened that
every thursday 8 p.m
clap for carers yeah lock down was the
right thing to do
and when it did happen it was like oh
this is this is what we need
on your marks
but i knew everything was going to
change
the children went to stay with their dad
because i was like i can't contact them
they can't come to the house
because the house is clearly riddled
with covert
and if they walk in they're going to get
it and they're going to get sick
just thinking about it now the fact that
um
i couldn't hug my children yeah it was
it was horrible what was incredible
everybody just did it when we were meant
to finish work often we just hung around
in the wellness of chatting
because we didn't really want to go home
because a lot of us were going home to
empty houses we finished work and we've
decided to have
a dance
oh god um we laughed
we cried and it just brought us together
and it was
it was magical and never ever forget
those moments
everybody loves dancing
the latest figures show that there have
been 177 deaths
cases are now accelerating rapidly
335 people have died from coronavirus
that's six times more than last week
5 373 people have died in hospital
[Music]
the uk could become the worst affected
country in europe
[Music]
nobody should have to die
alone one that is not
dignified that is not humane
yet that's what was happening every
single day
you've got some incredible people who've
done incredible things they've had
incredible lives
and then they pass away and they've got
me there
and it seems so unfair on them and their
family it's cruel
it's a bloody cruel disease